# 1.0 First Steps

Start SuperCollider by clicking on its icon.

This opens a text window that tells you some things about SuperCollider and the current configuration:

````
// Credits:
SuperCollider 2.2.7, copyright (c) 1998 James McCartney
  for more info, see http://www.audiosynth.com
   ASIO is a trademark of Steinberg Soft- und Hardware GmbHO
   Worldscript Aware Styled Text Engine copyright (c) 1993-1996 Marco Piovanelli
   MacZoop framework copyright (c) 1996 Graham Cox

// Current Preferences:
Prefs :
   hardware = Apple Sound Manager
   sampleRate = 44100
   clockSource = 0
   bufSize = 512
   defaultBlockSize = 64

// Current OMS Setup:
OMS Ports:
port  0 <-> .... ... ... 'K2000'
port  1 <-- .... ... ... 'K2000'
port  2 --> .... ... ... 'QuickTime Music'
port  3 --- .... ... ... 'Roland UM-2'
port  4 --> .... ... ... 'Roland UM-2'
port  5 --> .... ... ... 'Studio Patches pgm chg'
port  6 --- SYNC MTC CLK '° IAC Bus #1'
port  7 --> SYNC MTC CLK '° IAC Bus #1'
OMS init

// Starting up SC itself and building its class library:
compiling class library..
   NumPrimitives = 413
pass 1 done
   Method Table Size 755304 bytes
   Number of Method Selectors 1219
   Number of Classes 740
   Number of Symbols 3315
   Byte Code Size 42495
   compiled 91 files in 1.27 seconds
compile done
````

You can use this text window (or a new one, opened with Command-N), to write your first program by typing, as is:

    { FSinOsc(220, 0) * 0.1 }.play

You then select this line of code, go to Language Menu, select 'Evaluate Selection' (or hit the enter key), and your first program runs!  (You can stop it again by typing Command-. (period)).  For single lines like here, you can also just put the cursor somewhere into the line and execute it with the enter key.

This is how easy to use SuperCollider 2 is!

Try browsing the files in the Examples folder (within the SC2.2.x folder) to get an idea of the scope of what SC2 can do.

Also try starting some pre-loaded synth patches from the Lib Menu, by selecting an entry from its submenu Play , or run the demo (from the Lang Menu, select Run Main).

For the curious, here is a first look under the hood.  This is the same program as above, with excessive documentation:

Everything you write after '//' is a comment and is ignored, i.e. SC2 will not try to execute that text as a program.  Sc is an Object that can represents the synthesiser used to generate sounds in real time.  The message .play tells Sc to play object it receives as an argument.  A parenthesis open the argument list of the play message.  The first (and only) argument is a function.  A brace opens a function that creates a group of Ugens.  Create one Ugen, a Fast Sine Oscillator object, operating at audio rate, with two arguments.  The first is a frequency, here 220 Hz, and the second is an initial phase value, set to 0.  Close the argument list of the FSinOsc, and then use the binary multiplier operator to modify the amplitude.  Close the function which was the first (and only) argument to play message.  Close the argument list for Sc.play, and that's it!

````
// Play a sine oscillator with a fixed frequency of 220hz
Sc.play({
	SinOsc(
		220,
		0
	)
	* 0.1
})
````

This may be going too fast, and with too many new words, but don't worry, you will understand them better as you go through more material in detail.

Next : [1.1 Survival in SC2] or Overview : [0.1 Tutorial Overview]
