# Js SuperCollider

[jssc3](https://rd.slavepianos.org/t/jssc3) is a [Javascript](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript) (Js) library for interacting with the [SuperCollider](http://audiosynth.com/) (Sc) real-time synthesiser.

Js is a dynamic language in the [Scheme](https://www.scheme.com/tspl4/) family.  A Js interpreter is included as a part of most web browsers.  Sc is a family of real-time audio signal processing systems written by James McCartney (JMcC).

Sc is in two parts, a language interpreter in the [Smalltalk](http://archive.org/details/byte-magazine-1981-08/) (St) family called _sclang_,  and a real-time synthesiser in the [Music-N](https://doi.org/10.2307/3679463) family called _scsynth_.  scsynth is a _background process_, it connects to the audio system and then listens for [OpenSoundControl](https://opensoundcontrol.stanford.edu/) (Osc) messages, which communicate both definitions of sound processing programs and real-time control data to interact with these programs.

scsynth can be compiled to [WebAssembly](https://webassembly.org/) (Wasm) and embedded as a process in an [Html](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTML) page.  Osc packets can be sent from the web browsers Js interpreter to the synthesiser.  In this schema the Js interpreter in the browser acts in the place of sclang.

_jssc3_ contains functions to define sound processing programs as graphs of _unit generators_, to compile these graphs into the format understood by scsynth, and to send these to the synthesiser.

## Rich Text Editor

This page is a simple rich text editor for _jssc3_ programs.  The controls below the text area are for communicating with the Sc synthesiser.

When this page is first loaded the Wasm form of scsynth is fetched and cached.  While this is occuring the _status area_ (rightmost text area) will display _Loading..._, this process may take some time.  Once loaded the status will display _----_, indicating the page is ready, after which the synthesiser can be started by clicking _Boot_.  When the synthesiser is running the status will indicate the number of _unit generators_ that are currently running, initially this will be zero.

When the synthesiser is running, programs can be run by selecting the text describing the program and pressing the _Play_ button.  To quieten the synthesiser press the _Reset_ button.  The control buttons all have _access keys_ associated with them, _b_ for _Boot_, _comma_ (,) for _Play_ and _period_ (.) for _Stop_.

A very simple Sc program is _mul(SinOsc(440, 0), 0.1)_.  Selecting this text and pressing _Play_ will generate a 440 _hz_ sine tone in the left channel.  The period at the end of the sentence is not a part of the program, if it is accidentally selected the program will have a _syntax error_ and a message will be printed in the Js console.  (The console can be opened from the browser menu, or by typing a key combination, often _Conrol-Shift-i_.)

When running, the status area will indicate that this program involves 4 unit generators.  Two are written in the program, _SinOsc_ and _mul_, the other two, _Out_ and _MaxLocalBufs_, are implicit.  Pressing the _Print_ button will print the program as a sequence of unit generators to the Js console.

To make programs simpler to select they can be set apart in a _</>_  paragraph by themselves.  The program below is an Sc2 example graph by JMcC.  It makes bird like sounds.  When running, the status area will indicate that the program involves 108 unit generators.

~~~~
OverlapTexture(function(tr) {
    var p1, p2, sw, freq, amp;
    p1 = mul(LFPulse(TRand(0.4, 1.4, tr), 0, TRand(0.1, 0.9, tr)), TRand(4, 7, tr));
    p2 = mul(LFPulse(TRand(0.2, 0.7, tr), 0, 0.4), 0.02);
    sw = add(add(mul(LFSaw(add(p1, 2), 0), negated(TRand(1000, 1800, tr))), 4000), TRand(-1200, 1200, tr));
    freq = Lag(sw, 0.05);
    amp = Lag(p2, 0.3);
    return Pan2(SinOsc(freq, 0), TRand(-1, 1, tr), amp);
}, 7, 4, 4)
~~~~

## Binary operators

In Js operators are special forms and are not extensible.

Where in St multiplication of two signals is written _SinOsc(440, 0) * 0.1_, in Js it is written _mul(SinOsc(440, 0), 0.1)_.

While the prefix form is required for signal operators the infix forms is allowed for constants, _mul(SinOsc([440, 440 * 0.1], 0), [0.1, 0.1 / 2])_.
