# 2.1 An Overview of SC2 Unit Generators

This page gives you an Overview of all the sound generating Classes in SC2. The only work to do here is to browse through all the examples lightly to get the flavor of what is possible in SC2.

The concept of unit generators goes back to the first software sound synthesis programs developed by Max Mathews and others at the Bell Laboratories in the 1960s, usually referred to as the Music N languages.  (See [References] for historical background.)

The most important thing to know about unit generators (a.k.a. UGens) is that they generate or process sound or control signals. Many of the basic UGens are modeled after analog synthesizer modules, such as oscillators with various waveforms, filters, envelope generators, and so on.  The doc file [01 UGens and Synths] and especially the Tutorial files that come with SC2, Audio 01 - Synth and Audio 02 - UGens in the Tutorials folder are very good explanations about how synthesis in SC2 works in general. (They overlap with some of my tutorial files, but they also go further. There is no point in me rephrasing them here, so please read it there.)

SuperCollider 2 implements very many (if not all) classical synthesizer modules as UGens, so you can learn about the basics of Analog Synthesis, all in the digital domain within SC2! Many other oscillators in SC2 are based on off-the-mainstream synthesis concepts and James McCartney's own extensions of these non-standard concepts; check out his [Oscillators] help page for examples.

 The implementation of noise sources is also richer than you may expect; you will see and hear some of them in this tutorial, but do check out all the others on the [Noise] page anyway.

The filters in SC2 include all the standard analog-style ones and very many that only exist in the digital domain and that can make very interesting sounds, so read and hear all of them on the [Filters] page; or go to [2.5 Subtractive Synthesis] for a basic look at what filters usually do.  .  Nearly all digital sound effects boxes are based on filters and delays, and SC2 has a generous amount of different kinds of delays that can be used not just as add-ons to some existing sound source, but as part of the synthesis process: see [Delays].

 Synthesis processes are usually controlled by signals that change much more slowly than the sound vibration itself; these are called Control Unit Generators, and they make control signals: see [Controls] and the Audio 03 - Ext Control file in the Tutorials folder.

 SC2 also lets you do sample-based synthesis, but there is not yet a single help page for all the related UGens; see SoundFile, PlayBuf, and RecordBuf, and the file 'sound file examples' in the examples folder that comes with SC2.  The tutorial file [3.2 Extend a Sample Program] also uses soundfile playback and explores some of the options available.

 SC2 also lets you use the audio input as a UGen: AudioIn; you can select Audio input and output hardware with the File Menu entry "Audio Setup".

 SC2 can adress multiple channel audio output with many audio cards; see [02 MultiChannel] and Audio 03 - Ext Control in the Tutorials folder.  Panning a signal between several channels is possible, see Pan, Pan4, PanAz, and PanB.

In order to patch unit generators together, many mathematical functions that usually work on numbers are also implemented as UGens, so that they can handle signals instead of numbers: see [BinaryOp] and [UnaryOp].

SC2 is not just a synthesis environment, it also lets you formulate arbitrarily complex compositional processes in the very same language, and it gives you a lot of very powerful UGens for higher-level control of the synthesis Ugens. The most important of these are Spawn and TSpawn, and they will come up in many of the tutorial files.  You can also find lots of uses of these and others in James's examples, e.g. for XFadeTexture, OverlapTexture, OrcScore etc.

There is also a top-level layer for algorithmic composition: see [Streams-Patterns-Events 1] and the following (2 - 6).

If you feel like seeing all the UGens at once, go to [UGen_Ref_Sheet].

There are more than the categories I mentioned: Interesting Oscillator Ugens loosely based on acoustical models, such as Klank and Klang, fast fourier analysis/synthesis based Ugens FFT and IFFT, Amplitude Operators (i.e. dynamics processor UGens) like Compander, Limiter and Normalizer, and probably some more by the time you read this.

Next: [2.2 Envelopes and Spawn].
