# The CREATE Tutorial for SuperCollider 2

Written by Alberto de Campo in collaboration with Stephen Travis Pope and Curtis Roads

## Hello!

This tutorial is designed to guide you through the most important things you have to know to work with SuperCollider 2 (SC2). Its focus is on how to find out about things you want to learn, either by looking things up in SC2's documentation, or by experimentation.  It is not meant to cover everything, but is more a survey of the significant features of the system.

There are two versions of this material: the on-line executable version (intended for active experimentation); and the printed document version (designed as a text book and reference).  There are several accompanying materials that are strongly recommended to users, including James McCartney's SuperColider 2 User's Manual and general computer music and digital signal processing text books.

## What is covered here?

SuperCollider 2 is a programming language, a program development environment for this language, and a real-time synthesis environment. All of these areas are (at least partially) covered here: language syntax and architecture, environment handling, and practical synthesis implementation.

Since you need all of these at the same time to work with SC, the tutorial patches will go back and forth between the various topics. I cannot give in-depth explanations of everything that may be of interest; instead I aim for intuitive clarity and working knowledge that sets you on the right track.

For more information on specific topics see the [0.6 Other References] file. If you are new to digital sound synthesis, you should get a computer music text book such as "The Computer Music Tutorial" by Curtis Roads (MIT Press) or at least read through Stephen Pope's article "Three Systems for Software Sound Synthesis," which is available free on the Web from <http://www.create.ucsb.edu/~stp/PostScript.SWSS.pdf>.

If you are not a proficient programmer, you should pick up onew of the many excellent Smalltalk books, such as Simon Lewis's "Art and Science of Smalltalk" (Prentice-Hall) or the various free Web-based Smalltalk tutorials, see Andy Greenberg's "Squeak Smalltalk: A Quick Reference" (<http://www.gate.net/~werdna/squeak-qref.html>), or Wolfgang Kreutzer's "Basic Aspects of Squeak and the Smalltalk-80 Programming Language" (<http://kaka.cosc.canterbury.ac.nz/~wolfgang/cosc205/smalltalk1.html#basic>)

If you have been working with SC2 already, even just going through the examples and the help/documentation files, you will know some of the basics already, so feel free to skip ahead.

## What do you need to start?

- A working copy of SuperCollider 2 (the demo version at least),
- A Macintosh Power PC Computer (the faster the better of course),
- Basic Macintosh handling knowledge,
- Some background in synthesis and digital audio,
- One or more reference books (see above),
- Time and patience.

## Installing this tutorial

Just put the folder 'CREATE Tutorial for SC2' (or an alias of it) into the folder 'Help' inside the program folder ('SC2.2.8' or so).

Once you have done that, try if it works right away: select the text inside the brackets below, (the SC shortcut for that is double-clicking on either bracket), then press Command-H (for Help):

## [0.1 Tutorial Overview]

If you just opened a new text window called "0.1 Tutorial Overview," then you've got it right. If not, you will have opened 'Help.help', which is the main SC2 help page that takes you to all of the more general help files.  As you can see, SC2 has copious documentation online to help you understand how things work. I will refer to these help files and the patches in the 'Tutorials' folder included with SC very often (it makes no sense to duplicate them here).

While you are working on this tutorial, you may want to place an alias of the file [0.1 Tutorial Overview] on your desktop to start SC2 from there and choose chapters to work on.

## How to Contact the Author

My e-mail address is: <alberto@create.ucsb.edu>

My snail-mail address is:

Alberto de Campo,\
Bergstrasse 59/33\
A-8020 Graz,\
Austria/Europe
