# 0.2 Introduction

## What is SuperCollider  2?

SuperCollider 2 is a powerful sound synthesis and processing program, a fully object-oriented programming language and system, and a complete, flexible and extensible development environment.  It was designed and written by James McCartney of Austin, Texas, and the history of its development goes back about ten years to the synthesis program Synth-O-Matic and the Max object (and language) Pyrite.

SuperCollider 2 is being updated and extended constantly, and the current incarnation, SC2.2.10, is very powerful, fascinating to learn, and perfectly usable for composers, musicians, sound designers, audio researchers, and others.

Note that pre-releases of Version 3 are available at <www.audiosynth.com>.

SC2 runs on Apple Macintosh PowerPC computers (ports to other platforms such Linux are projected for version 3), and it can execute quite complex real time synthesis programs on affordable computers.

## Some Possible Applications of SC2

- Notelist score-based soundfile synthesis a la cmusic, both in real time and offline,

- Generating scores or real time events with compositional algorithms,

- Controlling any synthesis parameters live from input devices/sources like the mouse, graphical user interfaces, MIDI notes or controllers, and graphic tablets,

- Processing synthesised, live or recorded (i.e. file-based) sounds with fully programmable realtime effects, limited only by the CPU power of the computer,

- Using live sound input to interact with compositional algorithms and processes, and any other combination of the above...

- One can also do hands-on experimentation with basic digital audio concepts like bit resolution, sampling rate etc. for pedagogical purposes (or to improve oneÕs own understanding of these issues), or synthesize test signals for psycho-acoustic/auditory experiments with very high precision; the limiting factor here will mainly be the quality of the audio hardware (i.e. the output converters and the speakers or headphones used).

## Using These Files

This tutorial is designed mainly for musicians who want to explore SC2Õs possibilities for real-time sound synthesis. Some background in MIDI synthesizers/samplers, possibly analog synthesizers, hard-disk recording and soundfile editing programs will be very helpful.

Programming knowledge is of course highly desirable, but not absolutely necessary; in fact, I think SC2 is a good place to learn about programming in general and object- oriented programming in particular.

This is not meant to be a full course on how to program, though; there are many good sources for that, see the [0.6 Other References] section. Since OOP systems are very different from more common programming systems, the OOP concepts are covered as needed and mainly from a practical angle. The general discussion of the OOP paradigm (usually focusing on the Ômother of all OOP languagesÕ, Smalltalk) in the literature is very interesting and sophisticated. One of many good sources that cover the general issues is Simon LewisÕ "The Art and Science of Smalltalk".

The same goes for audio concepts: Questions like "What is Frequency Modulation Synthesis" are treated briefly and from an exploratory angle; there are many good textbooks (such as Curtis Roads's "Computer Music Tutorial") that explain these concepts in a not too technical manner, and very elegantly. In fact, you may consider using this tutorial as a workbook companion for the CMT or similar general textbook.

## Requirements

A working copy of the SC2 program (e.g. the downloadable demo at <www.audiosynth.com>), an Apple PowerPC computer, (preferably a G3 for running complex patches), these tutorial files (and the book they will eventually come with), and time and patience.

## Highly Recommended Useful Extras

A good text-searching utility, e.g. Julian & Steve Linford's UltraFind (downloadable at <www.ultradesign.com>) is very useful; it can look for given text strings inside a given set of folders (e.g. the SC folder and its subfolders). This way you can find all possibly related files for a given question or topic by using a likely keyword (e.g. find real-world code that uses a specific Class or method that you don't know how to use).

Better audio hardware than the Apple built-in hardware. (Using the built-in sound input obviously limits the quality of sounds recorded or processed with SC2. While the sound output also compromises the quality of the monitored sound, synthesized and recorded soundfiles will have full quality; you just wonÕt hear them very well.)

SC2 supports any Sound Manager-compatible card, but only in 16bit/44.1kHz stereo.

Since Version 2.2.5, SC2 also supports all audio hardware that uses Steinberg's ASIO protocol. This means that nearly all recent audio PCI cards can now be used, including 24bit 96kHz high-resolution models! If you plan to use a specific audio card with SC2, please check with the manufacturer for ASIO / Macintosh compatibility.

## Even More Useful Extras

SoundMaker (<www.micromat.com>) is a good and inexpensive sample editor that supports multichannel documents; this allows you to edit and mix multichannel files written with SC2.

Wacom graphic tablets are supported as multi-parameter input devices in SC2; you can use them as very flexible real-time playable musical instruments (or interfaces) according to your own design ideas. The new Intuos series is especially well suited for this. (see <www.wacom.com>)

If you plan to import data files from statistical programs like Excel or SPSS, or write big text files as scores, a compact and flexible text editor like Tex-Edit Plus by Tom Bender is very handy. (It is available at most shareware sites like <www.shareware.com>.)

For advanced MIDI control, some form of programmable fader box is also helpful, such as a Peavey PC-1600x 16-fader controller. You can also use a MIDI keyboard to control processes as well as (more traditionally) trigger notes with synthesis instruments built in SC2.
