# 0.6 References

The best reference for how SC2 works is the system itself, so always check that first.

## Web sources:

The most up to date information on SC2 and updates can be found at <www.audiosynth.com>, and there is also a lively users list at <sc-users@lists.io.com>.

David Cottle has written and web-published course materials for Computer Aided Composition with SC: <http://www.byu.edu/music/labs/ems/cac/CAC_w_SC.pdf>, <http://www.byu.edu/music/labs/ems/cac/cac410text.pdf>

A PDF version of many of the global help files in SC2: <http://www.byu.edu/music/labs/ems/287/SCManual.pdf>

## Books:

Beck, K. 1996. _Smalltalk Best Practice Patterns_. Upper Saddle River, New Jersey: Prentice-Hall.

Blauert, J. 1996. "Spatial Hearing. The Psychophysics of Human Sound Localization".  Revised edition. Cambridge, Massachusetts: MIT Press

Deitel, H. M., and Deitel, P. J. 1992. C: How to Program. Englewood Cliffs, New Jersey: Prentice-Hall.

Holm, F. 1992._Understanding FM implementations: a call for common standards._ Computer Music Journal 16(1), pp. 34 - 42.

Lansky, P. 1990. CMix Release Notes and Manuals. Department of Music, Princeton University.

Lewis, S.. 1995: "The Art and Science of Smalltalk." London: Prentice-Hall.

Mathews, M. V. 1960. _Computer Program to Generate Acoustic Signals._ Abstract in Journal of the Acoustical Society of America 32: 1493

Mathews, M. V. 1961. _An Acoustical Compiler for Music and Psychological Stimuli._ Bell System Technical Journal 40:677-694.

Mathews, M. V. 1963. _The Digital Computer as a Musical Instrument._ Science 142: 553-557.

Mathews, M. V. 1969. The Technology of Computer Music. Cambridge, Massachusetts: MIT Press.

McCartney, J. 1996. SuperCollider A Real-Time Sound Synthesis Programming Language.  Program Reference Manual. Austin, Texas. (This was for Version 1)

Moore, F. R. 1990. Elements of Computer Music. Englewood Cliffs, New Jersey: Prentice-Hall.

Moore, F. R. and D. G. Loy. 1983. CARL Release Notes, CARL Start-up Kit. Computer Audio Research Lab, Center for Research in Computing and the Arts. La Jolla: University of California in San Diego.

Pierce, J. R., M. V. Mathews and J.-C. Risset. 1965. "Further Experiments on the Use of the Computer in Connection with Music." Gravesaner Blaetter 27/8: 92-97.

Pope, S. T. 1989. _Modeling Musical Structures as EventGenerators._ Proceedings of the 1989 International Computer Music Conference. San Francisco: International Computer Music Association.

Pope, S. T. 1992. _The Interim DynaPiano: An Integrated Tool and Instrument for Composers._ Computer Music Journal 16(3): 73-91.

Pope, S. T. 1993. _Machine Tongues XV: Three Packages for Software Sound Synthesis._ Computer Music Journal 17(2): 23-54.

Pope, S. T. 1996. _Object-Oriented Music Representation._ Organised Sound 1(1): 55-68.  Extended and revised in Roads, C, S. T. Pope, G. De Poli, and A. Piccialli, eds. 1997.  The Musical Signal. Lisse, The Netherlands: Swets and Zeitlinger.

Roads, C. 1996. The Computer Music Tutorial. MIT Press.

Roads, C, S. T. Pope, G. De Poli, and A. Piccialli, eds. 1997. Musical Signal Processing.  Lisse, The Netherlands: Swets and Zeitlinger.

Steiglitz, K. 1996. "A Digital Signal Processing Primer. with applications to Digital Audio and Computer Music".  Menlo Park, CA, Addison-Wesley.

Tenney, J. C. 1963. _Sound Generation by Means of a Digital Computer._ Journal of Music Theory 7: 25-70.

Vercoe, B. 1996. CSound Manual and Release Notes. available via Internet ftp from the music directory on the host machine media-lab.mit.edu.
